New Additions:

NEW ROLE DEFINITIONS:
1) Current role is just a user. That should be changed to "Student".
2) New role: "Volunteer" (Same permissions and role-based access as a Student, just a different designation)
3) New role: "Instructor"

NEW PAGES:
1) Instructor Account
	Information Collected:
		- Instructor Name
		- Instructor Email
		- Instructor Office Location and Hours
		- Instructor Message / Note / Description

2) Class Page (Available/visible only to Instructors)
[ On this page, the Instructor should see all classes that have been created. Clicking a class should take the Instructor to the class' student list. Each student name should be clickable and the student's individual page should pull up when the student's name is clicked. ]

Class Page Functions:
- Create New Class
	Information Collected:
		Class Name
		Section
		Description (optional)
		Class Term Start Date
		Class Term End Date
		[ Class information should be editable/saveable by the instructor. ]
	- Create New Roster (Creates Roster for that Class / Section)
		- Add Student
			Information Collected:
			Student First Name
			Student Last Name
			Student Email
			[ Student information should be editable/saveable by the instructor. ]
	- Individual Class Page View
		Functions:
			- Add New Student
		Presents Information:
			List of students
	- Individual Student Page View
		Presents Information:
			Student Information at the top
			Student Responsibility Schedule
			Student Responsibility Fulfillment History
			[ Student information should be editable/saveable by the instructor. ]
- Volunteer Page
	[ This is for summer volunteers. Volunteers *can* be students, but don't have to be.
	This page should display a list of any volunteers working the farm during the summer when there
	are no veterinary science classes being held. ]
	- Add Volunteer (student or non-student)
		Information Collected:
			First Name
			Last Name
			Email
			Phone Number (optional)
			[ Volunteer information should be editable/saveable by the instructor. ]
	- Individual Volunteer Page View
		Presents Information:
			Volunteer Information at the top
			Volunteer Responsibility Schedule
			Volunteer Responsibility Fulfillment History
3) Feeding / Vaccination Assignment (Available/visible only to Instructors)
	[ This page should allow the instructor to assign medication
	administration, feeder refilling, and other farm duties to a student or volunteer. ]

	Task types:
		1) Refill feeder (For feeders in enclosures, pens and coops), Allow instructor to choose which feeder a student/volunteer needs to fill. During the summer, volunteers help the
		instructor with this task.
		2) Special Feeding (for animals receiving special food) - During the summer, volunteers help the instructor with this task.
		3) Administer Medication (for treating sick animals) - During the summer, a veterinarian performs these exams in conjunction with the instructor.
		4) Administer Vaccination (for vaccinating young and developing
		animals) - During the summer, a veterinarian performs these exams in conjunction with the instructor.
		5) Take Chicken/Cow/Pig Weights - During the summer, volunteers help the instructor with this task.
		6) Take Chicken/Cow/Pig Temperatures - During the summer, a veterinarian performs these exams in conjunction with the instructor.
		7) Routine Examination (routine animal exam) During the summer, a veterinarian performs these exams in conjunction with the instructor.
		8) Special Examination (for animals that need review for their health updates) During the summer, a veterinarian performs these exams in conjunction with the instructor.

[ The student/volunteer assignments should be visible on the animal's card and in their history. Semesters as a default are 16 weeks during spring and fall seasons. During the summer season, cards and histories should list some students and some volunteers. ]

4) My Schedule (Available to Students Only)
	[ This page should display the students/volunteers that have scheduled tasks. Clicking a task should take them to the animal's page receiving that treatment/vaccination, or it should
	link to the feeder. There should be a mechanism on their schedule for them to mark the task complete. A timestamp should be added to the task completion. Histories should reflect
	this. ]

ADDITIONS:
1) When a student or volunteer clicks on their account page, there should be a new section that displays class and instructor information that has been collected in above pages
2) To the dashboard, above the "Herd Overview" section, there should be a small bulletin section where the Instructor's 'Farm Updates' display.